refactor(kbutton): add design tokens [KHCP-7696] (#1492)
Kong/kongponents: docs/guide/contributing.md

## Recommended IDE Setup

We recommend using [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) along with a few [suggested extensions](https://github.com/Kong/kongponents/blob/db8854954eebb0ab62de21263ab6a5ba9bab11eb/.vscode/settings.json) (VSCode should automatically open up a dialog window suggesting to instal recommended extensions when you open the project folder for the first time).

:::warning NOTE

> To utilize all pre-configured VSCode workplace settings for this project, we recommend opening the containing workspace folder directly directly, instead of saving VSCode workplace.

Reviewer: I don't think we need to talk through VS Code workspace versus folders, etc. We just add the settings file.

> To utilize all pre-configured VSCode workplace settings for this project, we recommend opening the containing workspace folder directly directly, instead of saving VSCode workplace.

Author: Some settings don't take effect if the folder is opened through workplace. This particular setting is enabling `vunguyentuan.vscode-css-variables` plugin to look up CSS variables in `design-tokens` package. I think it's useful to leave this comment in place just in case. It does affect developer experience for contributors.

> We recommend using [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) along with a few [suggested extensions](https://github.com/Kong/kongponents/blob/db8854954eebb0ab62de21263ab6a5ba9bab11eb/.vscode/settings.json) (VSCode should automatically open up a dialog window suggesting to instal recommended extensions when you open the project folder for the first time).
> 
> :::warning NOTE
> To utilize all pre-configured VSCode workplace settings for this project, we recommend opening the containing workspace folder directly directly, instead of saving VSCode workplace.

Reviewer: A few changes to start:
- reference the `main` blob so it's always up to date
- `Workplace` => `Workspace`
```suggestion
We recommend using [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) along with a few [suggested extensions](https://github.com/Kong/kongponents/blob/main/.vscode/settings.json) (VSCode should automatically show a notification suggesting to install the recommended extensions when you open the project folder).

:::warning NOTE
To utilize the pre-configured VSCode workspace settings for this project, we recommend opening the containing workspace folder directly directly, instead of saving VSCode Workspace.
```

> instead of saving VSCode Workspace.

This part doesn't make sense to me

> To utilize all pre-configured VSCode workplace settings for this project, we recommend opening the containing workspace folder directly directly, instead of saving VSCode workplace.

Reviewer: Only some **User** settings do not take effect; the settings in the `settings.json` file will take effect, so I believe this paragraph can be safely removed.

> To utilize all pre-configured VSCode workplace settings for this project, we recommend opening the containing workspace folder directly directly, instead of saving VSCode workplace.

Author: What if someone is wondering why are they not getting suggestions on CSS variables from design tokens? People are not gonna learn them any time soon. Leaving this suggestion here will not hurt and might save someone 10 minutes of debugging.

> To utilize all pre-configured VSCode workplace settings for this project, we recommend opening the containing workspace folder directly directly, instead of saving VSCode workplace.

Reviewer: I'm not sure you understood my comment, but sure. 

Separately, I left another suggestion to reword this and the last sentence of the note is confusing

> To utilize all pre-configured VSCode workplace settings for this project, we recommend opening the containing workspace folder directly directly, instead of saving VSCode workplace.

Author: Oh I thought you wanted me to remove the paragraph in the note. Never mind 😅
